Screen Case Script:

"Hello my name is Carmen Aiken Bentley. My unity id is cnaiken."

"Today I will be demonstrating a post-commit hook to
immediately open a web page after a successful commit is made to my local repository."

"This post-commit file can be viewed in my HW3 Github repo. In summary:"

"The first statement identifies what kind of interpreter to run."

"Line 5, is our first variation which uses the command "start" for windows
to start the default web browser and open it to www.stackoverflow.com."

"Line 8, is our second variation which uses the "start" command,
execuatble path and desired webpage argument to open the chrome browser to www.weather.com."

"I will quickly execute each variation in this portion of the screencast using two text files
that are ready for staging and commit. Each file will be committed separately to demonstrate the different variations of the
post-commit file."

    *run variation one
        COMMANDS:
            git status
            git add variation_1.txt
            git status
            git commit -m "Demo of v1"
            
        "Variation 1, check the git status and add the variation_1 text file"
        "Check that this file has been staged and commit the changes with the message "Demo v1"
        "stackoverflow is opened"
        
    - change post-commit file to run second variation (not recorded in the video)
        cd .git/hooks
        vim post-commit
        I
        adjust comment #
        esc :x
        cd ../..
        
    *run variation two
        COMMANDS:
            git status
            git add variation_2.txt
            git status
            git commit -m "Demo of v2"
        
        "Variation 2, check the git status and add the variation_2 text file"
        "Check that this file has been staged and commit the changes with the message "Demo v2"
        "weather.com is opened"

"This concludeds our screencast <--> Thank you for watching"
